*The drone manufacturer, stuffed away as it is in maints by the atmos department.*


Origins Story
After many worker upraising do to contracts leading people to planets to build massive constructions well in hazers, or flat out death worlds
a few wealthier competency looked at mechanical means of building such factors to be staffed for their "Research into unknown fields". After some
advancement in the fields of 3D printing being able to manufactory delicate yet strong metal casing with flawlessness, NT desired to get in well
the field was still young buying a rather large portions of the stocks, research and tech needed to fully control the diction in witch the tech was heading to!
NT then invested in speed as well as safety in the drones themselves. Making each drone have flawless tools printed as well as data of the station they were on
how it functioned and more for repairing and building of new areas.

The use of Drone Manufacturers
The starter of the base of construction of the land itself, the drone manufacture is a prime example of working expedients, with being able
to print out a drone ever two minuets! In the heyday of its prime linked to more then thousand of drones around it.
It like all other drone-starter-caplets was place down in a ship that has everything they need to be able to build a brand new NT factory.
Data chips within each drone has blue prints of what everything is meant to have, small things from chairs, tables, and other small items to
piping and power nets. The drone manufacturer after construction being completed remotely be active when a request would be made for a drone helper
this lead to built factors being droneless most of the time do to only being needed after a big problem to be fix.

Leading problems with drone only workers
Unions
One of the main problem facing the mass use of drones was that unions started to gain raise in engineers as well as mining to help
keep in workers over "Mindless Drones". This raise lead to raises in worker rights and job security increases as more active members of the 
Unions started to tamper with the drones programming as well as fabricators leading to rouge drones. Miner Unions were the most successful in removing drone manufactures do to the Silicon Right movements forcing NTs hand to force no long deploy or use miner drone fabricators

Silicon Rights
Many lead figure in the silicon movements for rights, had looked at the "Mindless Drones" as people with rights and needing pay. This lead to a halt in drone intelligent, as well as drone advancements. This lead to drone manufactory to gear to more tools, faster printing speeds, and being cheaper in metals used.
